[Music]
is that you have in the 1990s Donald
Trump was building a reputation for
himself as a ladies man he may be the
most eligible bachelor in America please
welcome Donald Trump gone were the days
when he was known primarily as the real
estate mogul of New York remember the
80s the yuppies the buyouts the junk
bonds and especially the Donald the man
who was the darling of the ages is seen
in the 90s as a man in trouble and he
knows it the drama started when Donald
began cheating on his wife Ivana Trump
with aspiring actress Marla maples after
an ugly public falling-out Donald and
Ivana divorced in 1992 with some reports
that Ivana got millions from the split
Donald Trump's former or current
girlfriend depending on what day it is
is sharing all her secrets for staying
in shape Donald eventually married Marla
two months after she gave birth to a
baby girl but by the end of the decade
Trump was single again and he seemed to
enjoy the dating scene the reputation of
Donald Trump the man who date's a
different woman every year I don't do
that I mean I've been with a number of
women but it's been over a fairly long
period of time I've had great
relationships with women if you can have
your choice who would be one person you
date most beautiful women well how about
lady died that would be an interesting
when she's gonna be available I think my
choice might be you look at the legs in
her boy
can you imagine how controversial I'd be
you think about Clinton with the women
how about me with the women can you
imagine well I mean I think there is a
certain controversy to me and I am
single and I do go out with women while
his family life may have been on the
rocks his business empire was crumbling
the headline was quite accurate welcome
to the 90s Donald because it was like
you got whacked right in the face it was
amazing Trump opened his third casino in
Atlantic City in April 1990 lasers
fireworks and miles of neon lights
provided the color as Trump opened the
Taj Mahal Casino Hotel in Atlantic City
but just months after it opened the Taj
Mahal missed one of its debt payments
and Trump began looking for a bailout
his empire could be at risk of collapse
if the New Jersey casino Commission
decides not to approve Trump's bailout
plan by the fall of 1991 all three
casinos had filed for bankruptcy New
Jersey Casino Control Commission has
unanimously approved Donald Trump's
bailout plan that plan allows him to use
his free Atlantic City casinos as
collateral for a 65 million dollar loan
in order to finance a loan Trump was
forced to sell off his airline his yacht
and a chunk of one of his earliest
projects the Grand Hyatt Hotel in
Manhattan you know I had a wife who was
suing me for two billion dollars I had
the banks I had this I had that he did
get to keep one asset an undeveloped
piece of land on Manhattan's West Side
that Trump had purchased in 1985 Trump
had envisioned a huge project on the
site but in 1994 the real estate market
fell leaving Trump unable to make
payments on the land so Trump sold off
the Lots and made a deal where he got to
keep some of the profits from any future
development and to put his name on a few
of the buildings marking a new chapter
in which Trump was less of a developer
and more of a brand who knows better
about hard times than me I had a company
it was doing well I had tremendous debt
like this country and in 1990 the whole
country it just went very very bad as
his finances stabilized Trump began to
reclaim his status in the public psyche
with publicity stunts like a 1995 pizza
commercial in which he appeared with
Ivana Trump doing
but do people think it's wrong isn't it
but it feels alright then it's a deal by
the end of the decade he was once again
sounding like the Trump of the 80s
talking big about his finances back in
the 1990s you owed something like 900
million dollars your empire was pretty
much more than that you owed more than
that 975 was personally guaranteed that
was just the small part that was the
harder debt but I owned many many
billions of dollars and now my company
is much bigger and stronger than it was
in the 80s and flirting with a
presidential run businessman Donald
Trump tells meet the press that tomorrow
he Trump is also leaving the Republican
Party to join the Reform Party he's
considered the largest developer in New
York in 1999 Trump was on the verge of
doing something that he had only hinted
at in the 80s he was about to decide
whether he could really run for the
White House running mate if you decide
to go with this who would be the ideal
running mate for Donald oh I think Oprah
would be great
seriously I think that probably that
would be serious actually
hey NBC News fans thanks for checking
out our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down here and
click on any of the videos over here to
watch the latest interviews show
highlights and digital exclusives thanks
for watching